fix(b-bottom-slide): unlock page scroll when component gets destroyed (#1252)
V4Fire/Client: CHANGELOG.md

#### :bug: Bug Fix

> * Unlock page scroll when component gets destroyed `b-bottom-slide`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unlock page scroll when component gets destroyed `bBottomSlide`
```

> ## v4.0.0-beta.?? (2024-04-??)

Reviewer: Это надо удалить

#### :bug: Bug Fix

> * Unlock page scroll when component gets destroyed `bBottomSlide`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Unlock the page scroll when the component is destroyed `bBottomSlide`
```
